Ahmed Aziz Rmadi Email : azizrmadi@gmail.com
Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ahmed-aziz-rmadi/
Github: https://github.com/armadi1809
Education
•University of Copenhagen Copenhagen, Denmark
Master of Science in Computer Science Sep 2025 – Present
◦Recipient of the Danish Government Scholarship.
•Purdue University West Lafayette, IN
Bachelor’s of Science in Computer Engineering; GPA: 3.99/4.00; Jan 2019 - Dec 2022
Experience
•Everllence (Formerly MAN Energy) Copenhagen, Denmark
Student Software Engineer - Edge Applications (EDAE) Aug 2025 - Present
◦Owned and delivered a Node.js CLI scaffolding tool used as the default starting point for framework-based projects
◦ Designed and implemented React HMI screens using Electron.js for complex, data-driven engine control systems
◦ Collaborated with senior engineers to build example products, documentation, and best practices for internal developers
•GE Healthcare Chicago, IL
Software Engineer II Jun 2024 - Jul 2025
◦Working on the development of a clinical data management platform using Java Spring Boot, Golang, Typescript, and
PostgreSQL, improving patient data accessibility by more 40% across different sites.
◦ Deployed and maintained various microservices on AWS (Lambda, EC2, RDS) with CI/CD pipelines (Jenkins, Docker),
significantly reducing release cycles.
◦ Implemented various REST APIs using Spring boot to support interoperability between distributed healthcare systems.
•DMC Engineering, inc Chicago, IL
Software Engineer I Jan 2023 - Jun 2024
◦Developed enterprise level full stack web applications for clients in various industries using Next.js, React.js, ASP.NET
and SQL Server.
◦ Upgraded and improved user facing mobile applications (1000+ users) using Xamarin and MAUI.
◦ Deployed numerous applications using various cloud providers like AWS and Microsoft Azure.
◦ Developed and maintained internal applications, tools and dashboards to manage budgets across projects and tracking time of
more than 300 employees across all of the companies service areas.
•Susquehanna International Group (SIG) Philadelphia, PA
Software Engineering Intern - Algorithmic Predictive Execution Team Jun 2022 - Aug 2022
◦Built/integrated a Python CLI tool to extract, analyze, and classify C++ dependencies for a 60,000-file code base.
◦ Used the tool to impose dependency rules that reduced the build time of the Phoenix trading engine by approximately 1
hour.
◦ Built a python API for perforce source control using Flask allowing developers to exclusively check in the dependencies of a
single sub-tree in the code base from the remote repository. This had the potential of reducing the space overhead on the
team’s dev-boxes by 25%.
◦ Developed a visualization tool using Vis.js, to display the dependency clusters generated by a chosen sub-tree in a dynamic,
user friendly graph.
Open Source Contributions
•Caddy Server | Golang Nov 2023 - June 2025
◦Caddy is a famous, production ready open source web server that offers out of the box https for your sites.
◦ Contributed with several bug fixes and features addition around the error handling of http requests.
◦ Source code: git repo
Personal Projects
•Movies Diary | Golang, HTMX, Postgres, Tailwind CSS, JavaScript Mar 2024 - Apr 2024
◦A web diary to save thoughts and impressions about movies watched
◦ The application has cuurently 30 active users.
◦ Source code: git repo — Live Site
•AI Personas | React.Js, Next.Js, Planet Scale, OpenAI, Tailwind CSS, Typescript Oct 2023 – Nov 2023
◦A web application that lets you create your own, custom AI chat bots by filling in simple prompts.
◦ Source code and detailed description: git repo
